feat: add some doc about ownership privilege (#509)
datafuselabs/databend-docs: docs/en/sql-reference/00-sql-reference/41-access-control-privileges.md

| ALL       | Grants all the privileges for the specified object type.                                                            |
| ALTER     | Adds or drops a table column. Alters a cluster key. Re-clusters a table.                                            |
| CREATE    | Creates a table.                                                                                                    |
| DELETE    | Deletes rows in a table. Truncates a table.                                                                         |
| DROP      | Drops or undrops a table. Restores the recent version of a dropped table.                                           |
| INSERT    | Inserts rows into a table. COPY INTO a table.                                                                       |
| SELECT    | Selects rows from a table. SHOW CREATE a table. DESCRIBE a table.                                                   |
| UPDATE    | Updates rows in a table.                                                                                            |
| SUPER     | Optimizes or analyzes a table.                                                                                      |

> | Ownership     | Grants full control over the database.  Only a single role can hold this privilege on a specific object at a time.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ownership     | Grants full control over a table.  Only a single role can hold this privilege on a specific object at a time.  |
```

Please note that you can use the [USE DATABASE](../10-sql-commands/00-ddl/00-database/ddl-use-database.md) command to specify a database once you have any of the following privileges to the database or any privilege to a table in the database.

| Privilege | Description                                                                                                        |
|:----------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Alter     | Renames a database.                                                                                                |
| CREATE    | Creates a database.                                                                                                |
| DROP      | Drops or undrops a database. Restores the recent version of a dropped database.                                    |
| SELECT    | SHOW CREATE a database.                                                                                            |

> | Ownership    | Grants full control over the database.  Only a single role can hold this privilege on a specific object at a time. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ownership    | Grants full control over a database.  Only a single role can hold this privilege on a specific object at a time. |
```
